but people tend to go after these really
really small niches which cause them to
struggle to generate create a business
that generates a million two million
five million 10 million
uh you know a lot of the guests
listening uh to the show are eager to
get their business from you know 5
million to 10 million and eventually one
day 100 million dollars Revenue a year
you're someone that's already surpassed
that 100 million Revenue per year goal
you've done that for years now I'm
curious like how do you see the
difference between a CEO and a founder
and the role they need to play from
getting to kind of one to ten million
dollars Revenue then 10 to 100 and then
100 to a billion how do you kind of see
the core skills they need to have the
systems and the team they need to be a
building around them
so we're going to skip the 100 to
billion part because I've never gone to
billions I don't you know whatever I
tell you would just be a bunch of bull
uh I've done the others and
zero to like
10 million a lot of it is going out
there wheeling and dealing being Scrappy
you set up some operations you're just
trying to go and capture money the
reason most people struggle from zero to
ten isn't the processes or systems it's
actually usually that they're in a niche
so I like looking at something called
Tam total adjustable Market the bigger
the market you're in the easier it is to
go after like get to 5 or 10 million
because people spend so much for example
if you sold cars I understand it costs a
lot of money to make a car but if you
sold cars cars will sell for a decent
amount it doesn't take long to generate
10 million in Revenue when you're
selling a car for fifty thousand dollars
right it's actually really fast there's
so many people that buy cars everyone
needs it
but on the flip side I had a buddy who's
just like ah I'm gonna end up selling
croissant toast
all right yes a lot of people buy
croissants but the amount of people that
want
croissant toes like think of like a loaf
of bread but made of croissant bread or
you know however you want to describe it
and you slice it up and you put it in
the toaster and they're like yeah that's
what we want to sell it's such a small
Niche people are going out there every
day and be like man I need that loaf of
bread that tastes like croissant it's
more like a novelty item not something
that you buy every single day like you
were just buying a normal
um loaf of bread from the grocery store
and then their cost to make it was
through the root
so when you think about that it's too
small of a niche if you're just going to
go after selling bread sure bread is a
massive Market rice is a massive Market
there's money to be made there but
people tend to go after these really
really small niches which causes them to
struggle to generate create a business
that generates a million two million
five million 10 million the biggest
that's the biggest mistake that I see
people making so if you can create a
business in a big enough market
it's not that hard to get to tenoi now
going from 10 to 100 which was the next
part of your question a lot of its
systems and processes and people and the
key is you go on LinkedIn look for
people who work for your competitors
gone multiple promotions because then
getting multiple promotions means that
the competitor found them valuable and
they did a good job in most cases for
them to get multiple promotions and
those are the people you want to hire to
help you scale from 10 to 100 because
they've already done it before
in your space for your competition and
they've gotten multiple promotions which
means they've done a good job or else no
one will keep promoting them unless that
business is crazy right and so beyond
just people that have maybe worked for a
couple of your competitors been promoted
showing that like they were legit there
they're the real deal what other side
kind of uh you know traits are you
looking for in great people uh you know
you've obviously been building
businesses now for 20 years and you know
you've hired I'm sure unbelievable
people given you know where your
company's at and you know like all
founders we've hired some Duds look for
people who are loyal people stick around
at a company for a while because they're
willing to put in the time and energy
that's needed and willing to make that
commitment no one's going to fix your
problems overnight or even in a year or
two it takes a long time the second
thing that I look for is people who have
uh
what is it called I look for people who
don't want to be entrepreneurs so
people who are entrepreneurs aren't
meant to go work at a business for the
rest of their lives it's very hard to
convince them to I looked for people who
have been in a vertical for a long time
and have relationships whether it's
relationships with banks or
relationships with potential customers
or relations with other key employees I
look for people who can bring people the
moment they move they switch companies
because that means they're a great
leader and people really value their
opinion and they'll go wherever they are
going the other thing I look for is
amazing managers people who understand
systems and processes and know how to
lead uh I look for people who are
willing to be player coaches that's
really super important we tell people
that on our interviews we don't people
just to manage others we want people to
help putting up others and manage but at
the same time they got to get their
hands dirty and go out there and go get
bloody and if they're not willing to do
that they're not a fit we also look for
people who believe work is life
yes you know having a good balance is
important in life but if people love
what they're doing and they're willing
to put in more than 50 60 hours a week
you're more likely to succeed if someone
believes that oh the work week should be
nine to five and that's it and it ends
there
you're not going to be your competition
yeah I think that's a real controversial
take too these days you know you have a
lot of people that are looking for that
sort of work-life balance and you know
want to be able to check into the
company nine to five and then be able to
bounce and do their other things you
know how do you
how do you kind of attract people that
for them you know work is life
um you know obviously uh you know
there's a lot of talk these days like
kind of like anti-hustle culture and you
know finding balance and uh you know I
think
when you're building a company though
and when you're trying to achieve you
know the company that you're trying to
build here a multi-billion dollar you
know generational type brand and Company
you know how do you kind of throughout
the interview process kind of fueled out
the people that
um are not about that yeah so for me
um I do think a work-life balance to
some extent is still valuable you don't
want someone working 70 hours a week you
know every single week of the year not
taking Christmas or spending time with
their family there needs to be some sort
of a balance some weeks you may only put
in 40 hours or 50 hours some weeks you
may have to put in 80 hours and just
tough it out
you want people who are flexible and the
way you usually find them is just being
a honest in the interview process but be
culturally it stops it starts with the
Top If the owners of the business or the
leaders in a business aren't willing to
put in the hours and the time don't
expect other people to you lead by
example
in terms of you know grow you know
you're at this level now you're you know
growing a business now to 100 million
dollars plus Revenue I imagine you're
pulling out of the business you know 50
to 80 million yourself like how has this
like process now that you're building a
business that's making that much money
like you know how has your life changed
you know and what is your kind of like
daily schedule look like now that you're
at this kind of level of business
building
so I always joke with my team and I tell
them I barely work I tell them all you
need to work a few hours a day
um but as my wife says for someone who
works few hours a day I tend to start at
six in the morning and I tend to finish
somewhere around nine at night so my
wife doesn't understand how I only work
a few hours a day and I do that almost
seven days a week and I also am
traveling every single week for work as
well so I joke that I don't work too
many hours but in reality uh I work a
lot of hours I just love what I do so it
doesn't seem like work like I'm doing a
dinner meeting with someone today and
trying to close a business deal I don't
see that as work I don't count that as
work I just look at it's like I'm going
to dinner with a buddy that'll happen uh
hopefully we'll sign a deal right then
and there so for me
if it's fun you know
you'll keep doing it and you won't worry
about how many hours you put in you'll
just love it but my schedule is flexible
for example uh my daughter has this
thing at her school every other Friday
where they go to like this Auditorium
and they do some ceremony thing and you
know kids do like little uh dancing with
their hands and stuff like that if I'm
in town I go to him right that's what
money provides it provides flexibility
on those kind of things but from uh time
perspective I do whatever it takes to
win
right now
in terms of you know you seem to be
really clear on your values and also
clear on you know you're enjoying what
you do I think that's an important thing
when anyone's doing business right if
you love what you do you're genuinely
passionate about it what feels like work
for others feels like play for you
that's a competitive advantage that's
going to help you stand out when others
are getting burnt out or need a break
you know you're just having fun and I
think you're a shining example of
someone that's really embodying that you
know you're having fun it's proven
through the results you've built an
amazing culture and you're making a real
impact for your customers I'm curious
like what are your values when it comes
to business and you know why are you in
the game still like what kind of keeps
you in the game how do you cultivate
that play that fun on a daily basis yeah
so the values that just keep me in there
um and there's a lot of them right like
for me at our company we believe in
being transparent we believe in
continually becoming a better person and
learning we continually believe in
challenging ourselves and trying things
that aren't always obtainable uh but for
us it all comes down to
in reality it's just like what
stimulates you mentally and for me it
usually is a goal or objective or a
challenge and that's what I tend to
focus on so then that way I want to wake
up every day and do something it's just
like I think business has the greatest
sport ever
it's never ending
the scoreboard is always getting harder
and harder to score on because there's
always other people out there like the
Elon Musk of the world that are just so
much further ahead and props him I'm not
trying to hate props to him for getting
there it's not like he was handed a
silver spoon he literally did it uh
without growing up with millions and
millions of dollars
and you know he's still pushing the
boundaries but it's like for me it's the
scoreboard and can you just win uh my
scoreboard is much different I'm in the
marketing vertical so the companies are
much smaller than what some of the other
players are going after they're still
big you know a lot of them have 10 plus
billion dollar market caps
but I just love what I'm doing what is
that kind of big challenging goal that
you have for yourself right now like
what does that scoreboard look like for
you over the next three years I don't
think I'll achieve it in three years I
think I can achieve it within 10 which
is to be the largest Ad Agency in the
world that's my goal uh from a digital
side so not traditional uh we're not
really focusing too much time on hey
we're going to help you make television
commercials when everything is Shifting
towards digital and so when we were
talking over the weekend one of the
strategies you brought up was this idea
of going and either building or buying
software and making it free giving it
away to go and attract you know hot
leads and basically be able to build
your business on the services side of
things I'm curious for Founders that are
looking to get from you know 2 million
to 10 million uh Revenue a year how do
you think about kind of executing that
strategy on like a step-by-step basis
yeah if you're looking to get to 2
million to 10 million think of the
market you're in and what software you
can give for free that will get you more
Lee needs or customers for the main
thing you're selling so I'll give you an
example I gave this in person uh at the
event if you're selling health insurance
a lot of people who pay for health
insurance are companies
so think about a free payroll software
instead of charging for payroll software
which is what most people do give it
away for free and then sell a portion of
those people on health insurance that's
an example of giving away something for
free and installing on something else so
we're in the marketing space we have an
ad agency called NP digital we sell
marketing Services a lot of people who
need marketing Services also use
marketing software to help them with
their paid ads and SEO but a portion of
them rather just hire people to do it
for them so we give away a lot of free
marketing tools like uber suggests and
answer the public captures a lot of
leads and then from there sales team
Salomon services and if you look at how
much money people are spending on
Services versus software I'll give you
an example of this you know HubSpot me
may do around 1.2 1.3 maybe 1.4 billion
in Revenue a year I'm rounding I know
the number is more than one billion it's
less than 2 million uh chances are as
we're recording this interview less than
1.5 and I'm not trying to knock HubSpot
that's a lot of Revenue and they've done
an amazing job and built a great product
if you look at how much money is spent
in the Ad Agency World a lot of the
omnicoms wpps a lot of those guys do 10
plus billion in Revenue some of them do
over 15 billion in Revenue that's a lot
of cash
so give away the software for free where
people spend less on software they're
spending more on services
and in exchange
it doesn't cost that much on the
software end but in exchange you're
getting a lot of users you're getting a
lot of leads and a portion of them will
buy your services right and so how do
you kind of think about the decision
between build versus buy there you know
like does someone go and look at a bunch
of competitors or and look at a
competitive space in the software tools
that are in that and look to acquire a
company for you know a million dollars
cash or how do you kind of look at that
or you know at what point are they just
like you know I have this great idea
I've seen other software Tools in this
space that are are doing it well or
charging 100 bucks a month but I could
just go pay a firm 100 150k to go and
develop and design this for me and I'll
just undercut them and offer it for free
how do you kind of think about that yeah
so I look at it as uh if you can end up
going out there and buying someone who
already has an audience and they're not
making much money that's an easier
solution if you can't do that go and
build it you can use things like chat
GPT to build you tools they can build
you like a body mass index calculator if
you're into health and fitness they
built a game pong in less than 60
seconds someone was testing it out I
forgot who and they had Chad GPT build a
working version of pong in less than 60
seconds you can hire developers as well
but start off with chai GPT and then
plug in the developers to help fix it
and fine-tune it and make it the way you
need